Q1.What is Python ?
Ans:-Python is a high-level, general-purpose, and interpreted programming language used in various sectors including machine learning, 
artificial intelligence, data analysis, web development, and many more. Python is known for its ease of use, powerful standard library,
and dynamic semantics. It also has a large community of developers who keep on contributing towards its growth. The major focus behind creating it is making it easier for developers to read and understand,
also reducing the lines of code.

Q2.How many ways to run python program ?
Ans:-Methods to Run a Script in Python
There are various methods to Run a Python script,
we will go through some generally used methods for running a Python script:

Interactive Mode
Command Line
Text Editor (VS Code)
IDE (PyCharm)

Q3.Write most popular editors.
Ans:- Emacs, Visual Studio Code,Sublime Text,Atom and Vim.
PyCharm,IDLE,Visual Studio Code,Sublime Text,Spyder,PyDev,Jupyter,Thonny,PyScripter


Q4.Difference between high level and low level programming languages.
Ans:-Both High level language and low level language are the programming languages’s types. 
The main difference between high level language and low level language is that, Programmers can easily understand or interpret or compile the high level language in comparison of machine. 
On the other hand, Machine can easily understand the low level language in comparison of human beings. Examples of high level languages are C, C++, Java, Python, etc. 
Let’s see the difference between high level and low level languages:

1.	It is programmer friendly language.	        	It is a machine friendly language.
2.	High level language is less memory efficient.		Low level language is high memory efficient.
3.	It is easy to understand.				It is tough to understand.
4.	Debugging is easy.					Debugging is complex comparatively.
5.	It is simple to maintain.				It is complex to maintain comparatively.
6.	It is portable.						It is non-portable.
7.	It can run on any platform.				It is machine-dependent.
8.	It needs compiler or interpreter for translation.	It needs assembler for translation.
9.	It is used widely for programming.			It is not commonly used now-a-days in programming.
example:-Peral,Basic,COBOL,Pascal and Ruby.			example:-Machine and assembley languages,C,C++,Fortran